Go ahead. You were talking about the problem. We
probably had 20 somewhat significant things in 27
years, and that's nothing. The story I was going to
relate is we had a gentleman who had worked for us
for probably four or five years while we were in
school here. He went to Kentucky. He had still yet
to graduate, I think. He went to Kentucky and was
working in their program. He was going to work in
their program because his wife was working full
time for them. And he went out to officiate his
first night of intramurals. And he called us in
that night. He called Mike, who he worked with
here. Mike was a full-time staff member. He called
Mike. He says, it's a war zone up here. I can't
believe how many fights we've had. And our kids
take their sport seriously. But just like I was
saying early on, they respect the game itself.
They respect the people. we we have an opportunity
for students to handle protests all the way
there's an appeals process all the way up to the
president really But one of the intermediate
steps is to what we call the recreational course
advisory committee. We haven't heard a protest in
three or four years. And we've done better at
accommodating and handling things on site, which
is where it should be handled. But we always want to
have that avenue of appeals there. You know, I can
remember when we first started here, we'd have
one, two cases a week. In Austin, when I was there,
we had three hours of cases every week. Every week.
It never stopped. And it has just dwindled. Part of
it is we're looking better at handling things
on-site. Part of it is, you know, our kids are just
so good about working with us. Ever had a mama or a
daddy call you, ask for a special favor? Not
really, not really. It's not like a necessity of
life, like the rest is all wrong or something.
Yeah, yeah. Have there been any missed, now that
you look back, any opportunities that were
missed? Yeah, there was probably various times
that I wish we had built this building earlier, but
in retrospect, I'm glad we waited, because we
learned a lot from other people. I mean, the missed
opportunity was for all those students in the
meantime that didn't have the opportunity to be in
this facility, because what we had back then was by
no means close to accommodating their need. And
that showed up when we went from 250,000
participations to 1,250,000. That's how huge the
need was. We kind of knew it was there. We didn't
think it was quite that big. And again, if you were
building this building today, there are not many
changes you'd make, if any. The only thing I, the
only thing, one of the things that we tried very
hard to do was to understand what facilities we
had, what facilities we need, because there was a
limit on money. And we tried to handle that. What
we're seeing now is those facilities over there
are are being remodeled into classrooms and
laboratories will lose some space and we're
probably going to have to add out here. But that's
happened over time. We didn't know that was going
to happen at that point in time. All right. I'm
nearing the downside in terms of questions I can
think of. Who are the key staff associates that
you, over this 27 years, that you would want to
thank most? Tom Reber. Tom Reber. R-E? R-E-B-E-R.
He's my senior associate director now. He hasn't
been here the longest, but he's really... He has a
commitment to the profession. He has a commitment
to Aggies in a big way. He's done an outstanding
job. James Walford, who's been here the longest.
Then Rick Hall, just celebrating, starting his
21st or 22nd year.
And Rick's doing an outstanding job for us now.
Paula Opal. How do you spell that name? O-P-A-L.
Mike Walter,
James Nash, you can kind of go down the list.
There's
probably 15 people that have been here 12 or more
years. All right, what about people outside the
intramural force that you would? There's some
other people that were here, Jim Jeter. Jim Jeter
was an assistant director then an associate
director and then he went to the association of
former students, was with them for a long time. He
gave us a lot. Tom Weiss was here and then went up to
Texas Tech.
Somebody have a message here?
All right, and then the administrator types that
you most would want to thank. John Colas, Carl
Landis. Carl Landis is probably number one. He was
a very special person. It was his decision to bring
me here, and thank goodness he saw past my long hair
that I was okay. But John Colas, Maryland
Southerners. fantastic support since we since he
came in things are really going smooth with him as
our as our leader
chuck mccann was for all the stuff that he did when
he was in the vice president's office We would have
had a hard time, both Carl Landis and I, and Leonard
Ponder trying to get recreation and physical
education happening without his support. We
would have run out of space. Now, you and I would
both agree, too, if we were a jury, we could accuse
Chuck McCandless of being a biased observer. Of
course he is. We like that. That's right. Let's
see. Let's make believe now that you're the
consultant that has been brought in to look
forward for intramurals here at Texas A&M? What
advice would you give to anyone regarding the
future here?
I think the groundwork is pretty well laid here.
many people say that we have the best program and
the best facility in the country i think what we
have to guard against is complacency and i think i
think this staff has to continue to ask students
what it is that they need they have to continue to
look outside of this realm and see what is good and
what is happening i think they need to evaluate the
needs for indoor facilities in relationship to
what's happening with some of the other
facilities we use. Do we add on to this facility or
build satellite facilities? Some of those
questions we're talking about right now. We need
to continue to upgrade our outdoor facilities
because they're not up to this standard. And we
need to And the whole benchmarking thing is part of
showing others what we probably already know.
But that's important that you have the
documentation for that. Okay, next last
question. Let's make believe that someone walked
up to you and gave you a check for a million dollars
with one requirement. You must pass it on to A&M,
but you decide what use would be made. What would
you want that? In other
words, if you could make a very meaningful gift to
A&M, for what purpose would you want that gift
used? Anything.
You know, in reality, it's still the most
important place to put money in these
universities and scholarships. Okay. For how do
you select ? Oh, it's still the most important. I
just had an executive director search for student
financial aid, and that's still the most
important place. The students who We have the
ability, but not the money for tenure. That's the
most important question. The rest of us can... I
think our students will
endow this
facility with their trust and their money in the
future. I don't think that's something we need to
worry about. That was a good line. Use that. Use
that. Endow this with their trust. That's a good
description of the feeling here. What feelings do
you hold in your heart today for Texas A&M? It's the
most important place in the world to me, other than
my home.
Texas A&M has given me a fantastic opportunity to
do that. I think the work that I do is the most
important work. And that's helping people to
create a healthy lifestyle. I think the
opportunity of doing that may be better than any of
the physicians.
It's given me the opportunity to express myself
with very few limitations.
It's the opportunity to deliver programs to them
I think we've kept that trust and for reasonable
costs.
I can't imagine anybody having a better run it at a
job than I had. I plan on being here another 15 years
too if my health holds up. Hopefully I'll be
creative the whole time that I'm here. I've had the
opportunity to
to start with a good program and take it where I
thought it needed to go based on my best and I've had
the support of, without, I had support all the 27
years. I anticipated the time to come. I don't know
how much more you can ask out of a job than that. You
know, I see to get to this point in their life when
they're hoping to retire. I'm hoping to stay
working. It's just too much fun. And that's the way
it should be. That's the kind of thing we're trying
to create here, too. But A&M has given me that. I'm
not sure I could get that anyplace else. It's just a
special place. It is an institution of higher
education that has a family sense. that we're
going to help each other and do for each other and if
we work together, we can all be better. And that's
just kind of what I feel about it. And that's where,
you know, I probably didn't I didn't do this very
well when I first came here, but after 25 years you
get to the point where you can find, you can see wind
winds. And that's been the real fun in the last few
years is to see wind wind situations where other
people see wind winds or nobody winds. And that's
what's really becoming fun now.